New `eCommerce integration`, `Creating custom composable` and `Adding customQuery support` guides (#6049)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/integrate/integration-guide.md

:::

::: warning Want to build an integration?
If you want to integrate with Vue Storefront, please **contact the core team on our [Discord](https://discord.vuestorefront.io) server**. We are eager to help you to ensure its high quality and maybe even officially recommend it 😉
:::

## Introduction

> Integrating an eCommerce platform with Vue Storefront sounds scary. Luckily, some of our partners and community members with different seniority levels have successfully done it. We are sure that even without prior experience with Vue Storefront, you can too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrating an eCommerce platform with Vue Storefront sounds scary. Luckily, many of our partners and community members with different seniority levels have successfully done it. We are sure that even without prior experience with Vue Storefront, you can too.
```
So that it does not imply that some have failed as well :D

> This tutorial will guide you through the process of creating integration and explain the concepts behind Vue Storefront.

Reviewer: As it is not a tutorial per se, maybe we could look for an another word? "guide" would be an reoccurance but it might be worth looking for some synonym, I dunno.

Here, you will create new endpoints that accept parameters sent from the frontend and use them to fetch or submit data to the platform.

### Composables

`composables` consists of two parts:

- [Composables](../guide/composables.html) manage the state, prepare and send the request to the `api-client`, then save the response. If necessary, they also modify the response to simplify getters.

- [Getters](../guide/getters.html) extract data from API responses provided by `composables` and return them in formatted and agnostic form.

Here, you will create new methods for `composables` to fetch the data and new `getters` to extract different pieces of information from that data.

### Theme

This project is a template for generating new Vue Storefront shops. It's a [Nuxt.js](https://nuxtjs.org/) application that contains pages, Vue components, and assets. It uses `composables` to interact with the platform and `getters` to display the data to the user. 

> Out of the box, the `theme` directory doesn't contain much - just a few configuration files and empty directories. However, this doesn't mean that you have to create the whole theme from scratch. When your integration is ready, you can use our CLI to combine this project with our base theme to generate a new Nuxt.js application with all necessary pieces inside.

Reviewer: Actually, one of these `directories` could stay a `folder` :) The last comment intention was to avoid using same word in the same sentence:

```suggestion
Out of the box, the `theme` directory doesn't contain much - just a few configuration files and empty folders. However, ...
```

`onCreate` must return an object with at least `config` and `client` properties but it can have any number of custom properties if needed. This object is later available in API endpoints.

Let's update the `onCreate` method to create and return a new Axios instance.

```typescript
// packages/api-client/index.server.ts
import axios from 'axios';

const onCreate = (settings) => {
  const client = axios.create({
    baseURL: settings.api.url
  });

  return {
    config: settings,
    client
  };
};
```

In the example above we passed `settings.api.url` to `axios.create`, but it's not defined in `middleware.config.js`. Let's add it:

```javascript
// packages/theme/middleware.config.js
module.exports = {
  integrations: {
    sloth: { // name of your integration
      location: '@sloth/api/server', // name of your api-client package followed by `/server`
      configuration: {
        api: {
          url: '' // URL of your eCommerce platform
        }
      }
    }
  }
};
```

## Implement `useProduct` functionality

> It's impossible to write a tutorial explaining how to implement every composable because some might differ wildly between the platforms. For this reason, we will explain how to implement `useProduct` composable, `getProduct` API endpoint, and `productGetters` and leave the rest to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It would be impossible to write a tutorial explaining how to implement every composable because some might differ wildly between the platforms. For this reason, we will explain how to implement `useProduct` composable, `getProduct` API endpoint, and `productGetters` to give as much overview as we can.
```
I would avoid saying something like "It's too hard, so do it yourself" :) At least that was my impression/interpretation.

### Understand composables

> Before implementing any composable, you should get familiar with its TypeScript interfaces.

Reviewer: AFAIK, the TypeScript knowledge requirement for creating an integration is optional. Just wanted to point that out.

Author: Nice catch. I removed `(optionally)` before Typescript - integrators should know it. I think there is no way around it.

};
```
:::

### Understand `api-client`

In the previous section, we added a call to the `getProduct` endpoint. Before we implement this endpoint, you should understand why we need `api-client` in the first place.

> As mentioned in [Project structure](#project-structure) section, `api-client` is a server that acts as a proxy. All requests to and from various APIs pass through it. You might be wondering why we choose this architecture. Theoretically, calling APIs directly from the browser would result in a better performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned in [Project Structure](#project-structure) section, `api-client` is a server that acts as a proxy. All requests to and from various APIs pass through it. You might be wondering why we choose this architecture. Theoretically, calling APIs directly from the browser would result in a better performance.
```
I think that titles should be capitalized. Not 100% sure tho :)

### Implement `productGetters`

Open `packages/composables/src/getters/productGetters.ts`. There is a bunch of functions returned in a single object. Each of them has at least one argument: either a raw response from the API (`products`) or a single item extracted from it (`product`).

Although types of arguments are unknown and specific to your integration, return types are already defined and must match those defined in [ProductGetters interface](../core/api-reference/core.productgetters.html).

You need to implement all of these functions and, if necessary, add your own.

:::tip What if data is not available?
We recommend that you always add fallback value in getters. This will prevent errors during Server-Side Rendering and avoid some edge cases if data or nested properties are not available, e.g., still being retrieved from the backend.

```typescript
export const getProductName = (product: ProductVariant): string => {
  // Return empty string if "product" object or "name" property are not available
  return product?.name || '';
};
```
:::

## Create a theme

> Some form or checkout components are blank in the default theme because they display or modify integration-specific data. For this reason, you need to create few Vue components and JavaScript files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some forms or checkout components are blank in the default theme because they display or modify integration-specific data. For this reason, you need to create few Vue components and JavaScript files:
```
Plural, right?
